Clicking on 4 corners on the image, then right clicking and choosing perspective, 
will fix keystone distortion.

You can bring up a page by either using the drop down list of pages at the top,
or by doubleclicking, or right-clicking a thumbnail.

Right clicking on the config section will allow you to choose from common 
operations, or copy coordinates back to the viewer.

To see all of the possible commands, choose Commands, Show Command Help (or 
press F1).

From the command help dialog, doubleclicking a row will insert the command into 
your configuration.

Using the LoadLRImages will find matching images even if there are some cases 
where there are times when only one camera went off.

Clicking on the checkboxes for Perspective, Crop, Filters, and Scale will let 
you preview the results of the operations.  Leaving them off will speed up the
program.

To line up elements between the left & right pages, hold down the control key
and click somewhere on the page that has something at the same location on the 
other page.  It will display a marker that doesn't actually do anything, but 
it will let you position the crop box in the same location.

Holding down the ctrl key and pressing Z will undo a change to the configuration.
Pressing ctrl Y will redo it (On the Mac, the keys are command Z and 
command shift Z).

You can select a range of thumbnails by clicking the first image, then hold down
the shift and press the ending image.  You can add or remove single images to 
the selection by holding down the ctrl key and then clicking the image.

You can copy a range of selections as a list of pages by copying and pasting, 
or right clicking the thumbnails.

If you have a question about this program, the best place to find answers
is on the Book Scan Wizard forum on diybookscanner.org:  
http://www.diybookscanner.org/forum/viewforum.php?f=22

The sections in the configuration are only guidelines. If you have a special
need you can put pretty much any command anywhere you would like.  For example,
if you are converting to greyscale, the program will be faster to change to
greyscale before doing perspective operations.

Pressing Preview will preview the configuration up to where the cursor is.  It
won't run the config in the grey sections.
